we read eh we read this article Well it's
a little bit of an article that
Terelu published on her blog okay And these are
some words that have gone
quite viral on Twitter people are
comparing it well I'm not going to tell you
anything I'll read it and I'm going to let you guys
freely in the chat to tell me what
you think about the subject and Angela is also going
to give us her opinion and if something comes to
mind okay she tells me about her prudence in
recent years her pain disguised as
understanding or absurd understanding there are
things that cannot be understood in the
end begging for a mother's love is
very sad I won't talk about her brother because I
have nothing to say about him I don't
know him but I do have affection for his
wife Irene Rosales with whom I have
worked but this girl deserves to feel
abandoned by her family Nobody deserves
That for me what distanced me from Isa Pantoja
were some statements she made about
her mother and that didn't seem necessary to me
the people who have been close to
her have seen how this girl has suffered she has
been ignored by her family
in her own  home They know who they
are like we all know I know
because I have mutual friends or friends who
were mutual with Isabel Pantoja even though
Isa has an 8 year old son she is still
a child well well Well it's what we
were saying not very similar to what you
were saying Angela what happens is that of
course people what they are comparing
people here is the opinion of Terelu with the
opinion that she has with the issue
of Roso Carrasco and her daughter Rocío Flores
that she doesn't forgive her and so on the double
standard no the double standard To put it like that yes
indeed no because she
says this girl deserves to feel
abandoned by her family
Rocío Flores deserved it the same of course I understand
that that comparison can be made
because equally I believe that the
people who have been close to Rocío
Flores have also seen how she has suffered
no we have all seen it because
I also do not believe that Rocío Flores deceives
no in that feeling of loss no
and and Rocío Flores as far as I know Well she is more or
less the same age more or less
the same age I think she is a
little younger I don't think so  I know but
there but come on we talked for a couple of years
maybe we didn't talk about
anything then man logically it gives rise
to this comment I think it is
obvious But well of course She sees it from
the point of view of what
Rocío has told her who is her friend
not Rocío Carrasco I mean then
but well yes maybe
this comparison was unnecessary she could have talked about
something else to avoid precisely these
comments It's not that those of you who work
in in the media Angela you have mu you have it
very complicated no because of course eh The
same thing happens to me No I am so many
hours live I don't know if you know
but I have the audience here of tesa
alceo but then I have another audience that
is like gossip of kids and so on so there
are hours and hours and hours
recorded of me daily so where I
say maybe they release
a clip of me from a couple of months ago many times a
change of opinion or many times it's that you
don't look at some people with the same eyes as
others that happens that's what I
meant in the case of terelu It's logical
because  Terelu in the end has had a
very very very personal and very
close relationship with Rocio uh Carrasco and I
also understand that Antonio David has not
done many things well, I mean if that is not the case
either, I mean I want to tell you that
here not everyone is that good nor
because that is how it is I mean everyone has
made mistakes No I think that in this
case uh both of them what happens is that it is
very difficult for us to understand
both in the case of Isapi as in the case
of Rocio Flores how is it possible that a
mother you know I can understand that
you get angry I said it before and and and that you
have your tension or whatever that a
mother is incapable of forgiving it's not like it is
very difficult to understand
that whatever you have done to her you are
not capable of forgiving a son
Well also for me there is the key
between that mother and that daughter is the fact
that she does not want to
forgive her but nevertheless I could
think about whether to give her a chance or not If she
stopped talking to the father
then you see that as he prioritizes his I am
not going to call him  session against the father
but his war his battle his issue with the
father, for example, I think that in the end
the children are always sort of first.
No, I'm a father, come on, no, I can't
imagine life any other way. And so
in the end, well, I think I would
swallow whatever is true without seeing myself in
that situation, but I think I would swallow
anything, eh. For having, I mean, I would
prioritize having a relationship with my children, to
ask them not to talk to each other, to
set conditions for
talking to them again, that's the point that
I see more or less that is not understood and
above all that today I
want to tell you that if you tell me, I mean,
when the children are small, you
really, well, you have to continue
maintaining contact with the other
parent, not for many reasons, no,
that you always have to talk, but
today, it's that they don't have to
know about the father, I mean, you can talk
to them, and one or the other totally independent of the
other. Even if you don't talk to each other, even if they have
made your life impossible, it is possible. I
understand that there is no real will or
that they are those types of people who are with me
or against me, no, that I  I think it's a
little bit. Eh well. Well, a little bit of that
theory, no, that either you're with your
father you're against me, no, you who work,
you who work over there, Angela, do you think
that at some point
these vetoes that they've put in place will be lifted, for
example, especially the Roso Carrasco
Ortega Canno issue, Antonio David and so on. Do you
think that this is temporary or is it
definitive on TV? Let's see. Look, there's been
a lot of talk about these vetoes. Okay, and
some lists and people came out there and such.
But I've seen many of those that
have been talked about, I've seen them parade
again on Tele5, yes, it's true
that there are issues that are being brought to
court. And so it's not that it's
a veto, it's that there's a judicial issue
involved and there you start, you can
start to include almost everything because you say they
talked about Ortega Cano, they talked about
Bárbara Rey, they talked about I don't know who, they
talked about I don't know how many, I've seen them, they've been coming
out, you know.
So I think that there are some issues
that are simply being brought to court,
like the Rocío issue.  Carrasco
etcetera Antonio David and many others
Carrasco has already come out they have mentioned it
with the subject of with the subject of Teresa
Campos it was with the subject of Teresa Campos
r been coming out noo clear I mean what they
say is I mean you are not going to talk about
characters with whom there is some kind of
litigation if it is not relevant Now
imagine so and so dies who is
supposed to be there well it is going to be talked about
because it is news you understand or I mean
certain things well Well yes but well
Antonio David complicated no longer Antonio
David can now come out that he is going to
be a father again Imagine look I have
seen stranger things in this life and on TV I
mean I do not put my hand in the
fire any veto that there are it is
eternal